Add WordPress-Gatsby (#1627)
sindresorhus/awesome: readme.md

- [Hyperapp](https://github.com/jorgebucaran/awesome-hyperapp#readme) - Tiny JavaScript library for building web apps.
- [lit-html](https://github.com/web-padawan/awesome-lit-html#readme) - HTML templating library for JavaScript.
- [JAMstack](https://github.com/automata/awesome-jamstack#readme) - Modern web development architecture based on client-side JavaScript, reusable APIs, and prebuilt markup.

> - [WordPress-Gatsby](https://github.com/henrikwirth/awesome-wordpress-gatsby#readme) - Web development technology stack with WordPress as a backend and Gatsby as a frontend

Reviewer: > This is done, for the one description I had.
I mean this one.

Author: Done, thanks.

> - [WordPress-Gatsby](https://github.com/henrikwirth/awesome-wordpress-gatsby#readme) - Web development technology stack with WordPress as a backend and Gatsby as a frontend.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [WordPress-Gatsby](https://github.com/henrikwirth/awesome-wordpress-gatsby#readme) - Web development technology stack with WordPress as a back end and Gatsby as a front end.
```

Author: Good catch

Author: @sindresorhus wouldn't it make sense to use front-end and back-end instead? Also in the Readme are two approaches `Frontend development` under `Platforms` and `Front-End Development` as a topic.
